#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via flask
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
click==8.2.1
    # via flask
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
# via -r requirements.in
flask[async]==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
flask-cors==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
geode-background==9.2.9
    # via
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-simplex
geode-common==33.8.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geode-background
    #   geode-conversion
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-numerics
    #   geode-simplex
    #   geode-viewables
geode-conversion==6.3.3
    # via
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
geode-explicit==6.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geode-implicit
geode-implicit==3.9.4
    # via -r requirements.in
geode-numerics==6.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-simplex
geode-simplex==9.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geode-implicit
geode-viewables==3.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via flask
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
opengeode-core==15.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geode-background
    #   geode-common
    #   geode-conversion
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-numerics
    #   geode-simplex
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeode-geosciences
    #   opengeode-geosciencesio
    #   opengeode-inspector
    #   opengeode-io
opengeode-geosciences==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeode-geosciencesio
opengeode-geosciencesio==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geode-implicit
opengeode-inspector==6.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-simplex
opengeode-io==7.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeode-geosciencesio
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via referencing
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-cors